# Boolean millisecond attribute

## What is boolean attribute?

This plugin is based on the idea of boolean_datetime_attribute.  boolean_datetime_attributes works by inferring that a datetime in the column means the value is true, NULL is false.
It works well except for one thing, if you have a datetime column that is part of a database unique constraint, you will get into a tricky situation where that column could not be used
 for uniqueness guaranttee, since NULL <> NULL for quite a few databases (Oracle, MySQL).  For example, you have a database
unique constraint place on
columnA(Integer), columnB(Integer, columnC(datetime)

You will still be able to create multiple records with
1, 1, NULL
1, 1, NULL
1, 1, NULL

which is not what you would want, this plugin basically take the idea of storing a datetime in a slight different direction.  As opposed to store data in date-time format, it stores data in
millisecond.  0 means false, all other value means true.  So you can really store any abitrary integer value that you can think of.  In my case, I am going to store miliseconds, since then I can use that
as date/time information.  You will probably say 0 is Wed Dec 31 18:43:20 -0500 1969 and that using it to signify a false would not be appropriate.  Yes it would be, but then
for our purpose, we wouldn't ever need to use a date that is dated back to 1969.  Just keep that in mind that if you are going to store mili-seconds, then you won't be able to use the '0' mili-second

## How it works

    class User < ActiveRecord::Base
        boolean_millisecond_attribute :deleted_at
    end

# To run test for this plugin
  rake test:plugins PLUGIN=boolean_millisecond_attribute

Copyright (c) 2010 Han Qiu of [Time](http://www.time.com), released under the MIT license
